As a Publisher, I want to publish a dataset, so that I can view just the dataset with a few people.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a dataset, so that I can share the dataset publicly with everyone.
As a Publisher, I want to sign up for an account, so that that I can publish mytry and to hunt to publish my data package under.
As a Visitor, I want to sign up via github or google, so that that I don't have to eremember my password for yet another website.
As a Publisher, I want to know what do next after signing up, so that that I can get going quickly.
As an Admin, I want to invite someone to join the platform, so that that they can start contributing or using data.
As a Publisher, I want to import my data package into the registry, so that my data has a permanent online home to access. 
As a Publisher, I want to configure my client, so that I can start publishing data packages.
As a Publisher, I want to use a publish command to update a data package that is already in the registry, so that it appears there.
As a Publisher, I want to unpublish a data package, so that it is no longer visible to anyone.
As a Publisher, I want to permanently delete a data package, so that that it no longer takes up storage space.
As a Publisher, I want to validate the data I am about to publish to the registry, so that that I publish good data and know that I am doing.
As a Publisher, I want to data to be validated ish it, so that that I know immedi my data or have bugs and can take action to correct.
As a Consumer, I want to know that the data I am downloarelied on, so that that I don't have to checself or run into annoying bugs later on.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a data package whereon my servers , so that that if my data is lost or gtill have a copy people can use.
As a Consumer, I want to be able to get the data foved or removed, so that that I can still use is and my app or analysis keeps working.
As a Publisher, I want to publish a data package in the UI, so that that it is available and published.
As a Publisher, I want to create a data package in the UI so that it is available and published.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to restore the deleted data package via cli, so that that it is back visible and available to view, download.
As a Publisher, I want to undelete the deleted data packages, so that that the deleted data packages is now visible again.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to preview the views of thprig, so that that I can refine the of section to achieve a great looking result.
As a Consumer, I want to view a data package online, so that I can get a sense of whether this is the dataset I want.
As a publisher, I want to show the world how my published data is, so that that it immediately catches consumer's attention. 
As a consumer, I want to view the data package, so that that I can get a sense of whether I want this dataset or not.
As a Publisher, I want to preview a datapackage I have prepared, so that that I can check it works and share the results.
As a Consumer, I want to see how much the downloaded, so that that I can choose most popue several alternatives for my use case.
As a Publisher, I want to see real exampages so that I can understand how useful and simple the datapackage format and the registry is.
As a Consumer, I want to see some example s quickly, so that I get a sense of what is on this site and if it is useful to look further.
As a Consumer, I want to search data packages, so that that I can find the ones I want.
As a Consumer, I want to search based on description of data package, so that that I can find package which related to some key words.
As a Consumer, I want to download the data package in one file, so that that I don't have to download descriptor and each resource by hand.
As a Developer, I want to use data package as a node lib in my project, so that that I can depend on it using my normal dependency framework.
As a Consumer, I want to load a Data Package from R, so that that I can immediately start playing with it.
As a Data Analyst I want to download a data package, so that that I can study it and wrangle with it to infer new data or generate new insights.
As a Data Analyst, I want to update previously downloaded data package, so that that I can work with the most recent data.
As a Consumer, I want to download a DataPackage's data one coherent SQLite database, so that that I can get it easily in one form.
As a Data Analyst, I want to compare diffckage locally, so that that I can see ust my analytics code to the desired schema version.
As a Web Developer, I want to be able to ins same datapackage separately, so that that all my ped independently and deployed locally.
As a Developer, I want to list all DataPrement the exact, so that that the project can beale of the DataPackage schema changes. 
As a Publisher, I want to tag datapackage to create a snapshot of data on the registry server, so that that consumers can refer to it.
As a Publisher, I want to be warneerwrite it, so that that I don't accidentally overwrite stable tagged data which is relied on by consumers.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to overwrite the previously tagged datapackage, so that that I can fix it if I mess up.
As a Publisher, I want to version my Data Packand including older versions, so that that I dotems when I change my datapackage.
As a Publisher, I want to be able to get access to a previous version I tagged, so that that I can return to it and review it. 
As a Consumer, I want to know full details of how the data package schema has changed, so that that I can adjust my scripts to handle it.
As a Consumer, I want to get a sense of thpackage that I have downloaded before, so that that I can decide if I should update or not.
As a Consumer, I want to view a Datapackag online, so that that I can present/discuss the particular data timeslice of interest with other people.
As a Consumer, I want to download a Data package at a particular version, so that that I know it is compatible with my scripts and system.
As a Consumer, I want to be notified of changes to a package I care about, so that that I can check out what has changed and take action.
As a Consumer, I want to see how active the site is, so that I can decide if I should get involved.
As a Consumer, I want to browse and find publishers, so that that I can find interesting publishers and their packages.
As a Consumer, I want to see a publisher's profile, so that that I can discover their packages and get a sense of how active and good they are.
As a Consumer, I want to view a pu profile, so that that I can see who is behind a particular package or to see what other packages they produce. 
As a Consumer, I want to search among ed by a publisher, so that that I can eae amongst all the data packages by this publisher.
As an Owner, I want to edit my profile, so that that it is updated with new information.
As an Owner, I want to invite an existing user, so that the user can become a member of my publisher.
As an owner, I want to invite someone ucome a member of my Publisher, so that that they are authorized to publish data packages under my Publisher.
As an owner, I want to remove someone from membership in my publisher, so that they no longer have ability to publish or modify my data packages.
As an owner, I want to view all the people in my organization and what roles they have, so that that I can change these if I want.
As an owner, I want to make a user an owner, so that they have full control.
As an owner, I want to remove a user as an owner, so that they are just a member and no longer have full control.
As an Admin, I want to set key configuration parameters for my site deployment, so that that I can change key information like the site title.
As an Admin, I want to see key metrics about usage such as users, API usage, downloads, so that that I know how things are going.
As an Admin, I want to have a pricing plan and billing system, so that that I can charge users and make my platform sustainable.
As a Publisher, I want to know if this s- the prices are, so that that I can work out what tre and have a sense that these guys are sustainable. 
As a Publisher, I want to sign up for a given pricing plan, so that that I am entitled to what it allows.
As a Publisher, I want to have private data packages, so that I can share just with my team.